Why am I here?
indeed, why?
I may have grown roots..
..that feeling, of belonging to a place
blueberries
let me think for a moment
I miss this sky
How does a human grow roots?
Oh how?
How?
umm.. how?
How does a person grow roots?
How, how, how, how, how?
The sand at the beach
Indeed!
I find an artificial lake,
that reflects the forest around it
(on the other hand..)
I LEFT.
eeeuh...
Why did you leave?
Indeed... why?
Sometimes I ask myself,
what is it that I miss?
(but then again...)
(I mean...)
So close by,
but so far away...
Yes, I am allowed to be here
eeeuh...
Why do I feel so at home here?
Why indeed?
Why?
Why am I here?
Why are you there?
Why miss another place,
when after all, one lives in a...
(I pick...)
place?
(let me think for a moment)
mm-m!
I found oregano
I find a lake
that reflects the forest around it
(ummm)
what do I miss?
Oh, what do I miss?
Indeed!
(krhm..)
indeed, what?
yes, it's true
but it is quite cozy here..
I am part of...
...all of this
where is my place?
Where is life?
I think I may have grown roots...
Why did I move here?
Did I move here?